Add definition for Energy-Aware Intent to support declarative energy optimization and align with intent-based networking models (RFC 9315) (#38)
billwuqin/draft-bclp-green-terminology: draft-bclp-green-terminology.md

  (e.g., {{?I-D.cprjgf-bmwg-powerbench}}).
: A higher EER indicates a better energy efficiency.

Energy-Aware Intent:

> : A declarative, technology-agnostic expression of an energy-related operational objective for the network. Unlike imperative configurations that specify exactly how to achieve a result, an energy-aware intent focuses on what energy behavior is desired, for example, minimizing power consumption or optimizing energy-to-throughput ratios, leaving the system to determine the best method of enforcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: A declarative, technology-agnostic expression of an energy-related operational objective for the network. Unlike imperative configurations that specify exactly how to achieve a result, an energy-aware intent focuses on what energy behavior is desired (e.g., minimize power consumption or optimize energy-to-throughput ratios), leaving the system to determine the best enforcement method.
```
